# Case Study – Customer Acquisition & Retention
## Background
Managing customer retention and acquisition is essential for developing and
maintaining customer relationships. The first step to cure customer retention
and acquisition is to predict which customers have a high probability of ending
their relationship with the firm and the probability of acquiring a new customer.
The second step is to target the predicted at-risk current customers or new
customers with high likelihood of joining using incentives such as pricing offers
or communications such as emails. Models that accurately predict customer
retention and acquisition are pivotal in targeting the right customers, thereby
decreasing the cost of the marketing campaign and using scarce firm resources
more efficiently.
## Data
To access the data in R: load the SMCRM package and execute
data(acquisitionRetention).
Therefore, in this case-study, please address the following tasks and write the
report using the Case-study guidelines.
## Tasks
1. Use acquisitionRetention data set to predict which customers will be
acquired and for how long (duration) based on a feature set using a random
forest.
2. Compute variable importance to detect interactions and optimize hyperparameters for acquired customers.
3. Compare the accuracy of model with a decision trees and logistic regression
model for acquiring customers.
4. Extra credit: generate PDP plots for all variables

customer: a unique identifier for each customer.
acquisition: a binary variable indicating whether the customer was acquired (1) or not (0).
duration: the number of days the customer has been with the company (if the customer was not acquired, the duration is 0).
profit: the profit (in dollars) generated by the customer.
acq_exp: the amount (in dollars) spent on customer acquisition.
ret_exp: the amount (in dollars) spent on customer retention.
acq_exp_sq: the square of acq_exp.
ret_exp_sq: the square of ret_exp.
freq: the number of purchases made by the customer.
freq_sq: the square of freq.
crossbuy: the number of different products purchased by the customer.
sow: the customer's share of wallet (the percentage of the customer's total spending that is spent with the company).
industry: a binary variable indicating whether the customer is in the industry (1) or not (0).
revenue: the customer's revenue (in millions of dollars).
employees: the number of employees at the customer's company.